good guys another call your shipments or
subdue a bland millo
because all of us who are waiting
alternative launches have given the
considerable water kick with the
cancellation of the mobile band disney
webos a so desired object that in the end
they stay nothing and the delay of the
edition of the figure in the third
edition of the figure
this last case is curious because good
I was aware of this delay on
same day the mobile or next day and I
confirmed that both one was canceled as
the other one was delayed and now it's funny
because the delay has not been official because
part of the websites because a couple of
days practically when I insist already
I was aware of this because the
Wednesday of last week it seems to me
curious that they have taken so long in
give it as an official or as safe or
nothing the same
and this edition will be released during the week
of July 13 and 7 there is not one
concrete date because there are even sites
that quite are dated on the 10th
July a kind of ignorance
about the actual departure day but more
or less within that week
asks them to prevent him from thinking about this and
I want you to tell you this
does not admit many perspectives of
opinion this is a very fat bitch and
I also appreciate anyway that if
she's really going to be a whore again
shit and it's going to be a quality until
not justify the investment I
I thank you in the background for repeating
things like the next 61 edition of
200 turkeys that was not worth we're not even half
of what was asked for it but the
forms have not been adequate
say a week to launch the game
announced this cancellation and this
delay seems to me a bitch and a way
of playing almost with the feelings at
illusions of people is a game
so desired and on top that moves so much
people and the character itself and really
find you with that is a bitch
in addition what has been a decision of
last minute I think I had a marked
decided well especially the bomb or
maybe so that people do not know very
well what to do or for the best of me not
he
a little limited magic image of
reaction because you know that then the
websites have had their campaigns to
compensate for those putadas
but anyway I'm sorry for barnes
honestly because I think you're
news have distorted have stained the
launch of the game on the theme of
figure there will be many people with it because
It's a free bucket and I have many of the
you see this video and I'm a geek and
as a simple composition of batman and
wait for him to come out of the wang doll
it does not matter either to do that but there will be
people that have been told I keep it and
I am willing to wait three
weeks to launch is the fucking edition
of the only thing that I complex normal
and it is very sad doll around me
It seems normal to me all this seems normal
that is, you can not play either
with an illusion of people worth
so I'm doing very badly very badly
good if it's something else we're going to open
this simple edition waiting for the
launch of the figure that
will arrive ready within three more weeks
or less and good because this edition
because amazon has a hellish detail
I reserve says of the Batmobile in Amazon
for about 160 euros and as they confirmed the
cancellation they told me look if you decide
buy the simple game we have a
50% discount and this is what this has done
as it came out for 27 euros 27 euros a
new game that costs between 60 and
70 euros so I tried to make news
that is a measure forgiveness cojonuda as
only one more would not have to do it
because it really has not been the fault of
them and it's a hell of a detail so
wanted to take advantage of it even month in
time to take advantage of it because
there is not something that in plan that pays
a reservation attacked a signal for a
full amount of the game not as
happened in other cases we did not
I have simply observed it
I do not know absolutely anything and I
make typical tax for you because yes
because if instead in detail cojonudo
insists
thanks to amazon and perfect inside what
bad always something good is worth good
the simple edition you have contained
exclusive a pack chase
scarecrow pack history of
harley quinn diego to seniors too
amazon gave me a code for I do not know
how moved the batmobile honestly not
I know that with him only if you raise more quintero
mobile or something like that did not look at it much
true but we told them apart not
you know that this game
has caused much controversy on the subject
of the season pass because it adds
very much content that man in 115
was included in the normal game not
because it seems that they are selling the
fragmented game but good is also
true that reading some reviews gives the
feeling that the content you have
of base in this game is already to spare
as to compensate the price but to a
purpose is always the policy of moving from
season there and everything that implies
this is nothing new in the background anymore
we will see
The fact is that really what
that this game cost me and that in the
If you buy the season pass
Well, it would be like the normal game,
which basically I insist that he had to
mazon has been great has been
great, good, let's open it, let's go
see it I feel it has been such a thing
forced it was not my fault I already had my
planned my roll with the mobile the
doll but in the end it will be a corpse
but anyway I think I 'm going to do it
I can do nothing I can not do
absolutely nothing
good me up easy easy point and
Quick
let's see this of course bring
several codes various bastards codes and
you are here because of the codes because I know
because without fucking this from the host
of good things game disc a little bit
plus
and let's see how this goes
headphones promotion very well
the season pass is announced here
also very well
and well it's also by harley quinn
and the scarecrow is worth here you have the
two of the stress that come with the game
normal
in agreement
perfect good well so a little more
the truth I have nothing more than
teach you sincerely boleros data
important things that he always forgot
comment them for example the game demands
installation of at least 48 gb the
which is not bad
and turns him into a batman in the explosive
end of the arkham trilogy when
exceeded full of gotham very strong and it
they do with dark hair city
burst with new transformable mobile
batman arkham night or offers the
ultimate complete experience
less software you already know that
effectively do you and pretend that
you are the last installment of his saga no
another thing is that after saving then
I hired others to make new
Deliveries which I'm sure but not
on the part of the inn less in
principle is worth here you have the
very cool back cover the truth with
this new villain or supposedly new
good villain
they have commented to me if I am going to make a
streaming of this game you do not know what it is
night of san juan someone with a day of
San Juan is a very mythical festivity and
very celebrated so I'll be busy
at night in other things
It is not at me who told me even that
this game allows you to capture
screen or streaming on pc 4 I do not know if
that 's true how he bought it now
same but good if today is not the
streaming will be tomorrow surely it's worth
so good so much it's a bit to twitter
facebook and other social networks
because try to warn in advance
but I say that today I see it unlikely
the truth
and starting a little more I feel that
this is so it has been my fault
the good ones I'll wait
for the boxing of the edition of the
figure that will arrive a week from 13 17
of July and I guess that because
it will compensate a little the wait
so nothing guys really many
thanks for being there we put ourselves with
more little things and I'm going to try to
Esteban Manuel, how are you greeting and
Thank God